{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red218\green172\blue16;\red152\green120\blue13;
\red176\green0\blue4;\red252\green99\blue8;\red0\green0\blue255;\red152\green120\blue13;\red176\green0\blue4;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c88627\c72157\c5882;\cssrgb\c66275\c53725\c4314;
\cssrgb\c75294\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c47451\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;\cssrgb\c66275\c53725\c4314;\cssrgb\c75294\c0\c0;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36\fsmilli18378 \cf3 \strokec3 SKILLS
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 Qualitative data collection, analysis and reporting
\fs24 \

\fs32 Stakeholder engagement and consultation
\fs24 \

\fs32 Environmental governance and policy advice
\fs24 \

\fs32 Science communication
\fs24 \

\fs32 Project management and team leadership
\fs24 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs58\fsmilli29151 \cf0 Education
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf0 PhD 
\f0\b0\fs32 2021
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 (Accepted without changes)
\fs24 \

\fs32 Centre for Marine Sociology
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs32\fsmilli16449 \cf0 Media and environmental conflict over salmon aquaculture:
\f0\i0\fs24 \

\f2\i\fs32\fsmilli16449 Investigating the local and the transnational
\f0\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf0 Honours 
\f0\b0\fs32 in Marine Governance 2014
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 (First class)
\fs24 \

\fs32 Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs32\fsmilli16449 \cf0 The role of social license in the governance of common pool
\f0\i0\fs24 \

\f2\i\fs32\fsmilli16449 marine resources
\f0\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf0 Bachelor 
\f0\b0\fs32 of Applied Science 2011
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 The University of Queensland
\fs24 \

\fs32 Majors: Integrated Resource Management and Conservation
\fs24 \

\fs32 Management
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf0 Certificate in Engagement 
\f0\b0\fs32 2022
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 International Association for Public Participation
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf0 Coxswain 2NC 
\f0\b0\fs32 2018
\fs24 \

\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 Scientific and Master Diver 
\f0\b0\fs32 2015
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs58\fsmilli29151 \cf0 Employment history
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Employer:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 Sole Trader
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Period:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 2018 - Current
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 I provide independent research and consulting services in stakeholder engagement and
\fs24 \

\fs32 consultation, governance and policy reviews and advice and qualitative data (e.g surveys,
\fs24 \

\fs32 interviews, reports) collection, analysis and reporting.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 ThinkBank, Tasmanian Leaders (2018-2019) - Analysis of interviews and literature and
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 reporting to support Tasmanian agribusiness and small business policy development.
\fs24 \

\fs32 - 
\fs29\fsmilli14720 \cf7 \strokec7 https://www.tasmanianleaders.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/Ideas-from-Thinkbank-
\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14720 \cf7 \strokec7 2019-Our-Place-in-the-Sun.pdf
\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 - 
\fs29\fsmilli14720 \cf7 \strokec7 https://www.tasmanianleaders.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Thinkbank-2018-Small
\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs29\fsmilli14720 \cf7 \strokec7 Business_FinalReport.pdf
\fs24 \cf0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 Seafood Futures (2024)- Synthesis of sector provided literature to develop Marine User
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 Profiles and Regional What We Heard Reports.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 The Nature Conservancy and NRM South (2024 - 2025) \'e2\'80\'93 White paper prepared for
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 DCCEEW, bringing together expert input on Giant Kelp Forest conservation to inform the
\fs24 \

\fs32 review of conservation advice under the EPBC Act. Followed by the design and delivery of
\fs24 \

\fs32 a survey, workshop and associated report.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Client : World Wide Fund for Nature
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf8 project: 
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf0 Seafood and Fisheries Emerging Technologies
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 Conference
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf8 Period:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf9  \cf0 February 2018  April 2019
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 I co-delivered the Seafood and Fisheries Emerging Technologies Conference held in Bangkok,
\fs24 \

\fs32 Thailand attended by 250 participants from around the world. I produced the related report
\fs24 \
\

\fs32 which can be found at
\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf7 https://docs.wixstatic.com/ugd/a17859_8c02db62167d47d9a1555d4762720ecb.pdf\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Employer:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 University of Tasmania
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Position:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 Researcher
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Period:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 April 2015 - Current
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 I have completed a range of research and project-based activities for The Institute for Social
\fs24 \

\fs32 Change, Institute for Marine and Antarctic Studies and Centre for Marine Socioecology
\fs24 \

\fs32 including but not limited to:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 Policy and governance advice for marine protected matters, integrated marine management,
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 protected area management and social dimensions of managing the marine estate. For
\fs24 \

\fs32 example, I co-managed a needs-based review providing operational and strategic planning
\fs24  
\fs32 and capacity-building recommendations for agencies with responsibilities under the New
\fs24  
\fs32 South Wales Marine Estate Management Strategy.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 Lead and co-author on peer-reviewed academic papers in relation to marine governance,
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 social license, science communication, and integrated marine management.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 Qualitative data (e.g. surveys, interviews, media) collection, analysis and reporting that has
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 informed science communication, governance and decision-making in the areas of climate
\fs24 \

\fs32 change, fisheries management, marine estate management and environmental governance.
\fs24 \

\fs32 See the Curious Climate project for an example (\cf7 \strokec7 https://curiousclimate.org.au\cf0 \strokec2 ).
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 My PhD examined how environmental risks of common pool natural resources\'e2\'80\'94particularly
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 in salmon aquaculture\'e2\'80\'94are negotiated through media, where science, community concerns,
\fs24 \

\fs32 industry interests, and policy intersect. It explored the role of media, politics, and power in
\fs24 \

\fs32 shaping environmental conflict, knowledge, and governance across local and global scales.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 ***from here***\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Employer:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 Marine Solutions Tasmania
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Position:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 Project Officer
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Period:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 December 2014 \'e2\'80\'93 Current
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 As part of the highly productive and supportive team at Marine Solutions, I provide
\fs24 \

\fs32 expertise in marine science, project management and stakeholder engagement to deliver
\fs24 \

\fs32 the following:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 Environmental impact assessments in accordance with relevant legislation. This has included
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 leading a team conducting offshore environmental assessments to inform the
\fs24 \

\fs32 decommissioning of oil and gas infrastructure.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 Development and implementation of stakeholder engagement plans for government and
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 industry clients. For example, I managed a feasibility assessment of artificial reefs and fish
\fs24 \

\fs32 aggregation devices to meet a state government election commitment to enhance
\fs24 \

\fs32 recreational fishing in Tasmania.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Employer:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 Marine and Islands Parks Branch, Parks Australia
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Position:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 Senior Project Officer - North Network
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Period:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 April 2021 \'e2\'80\'93 November 2022
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 I supported a small team in the implementation of the 
\f2\i\fs32\fsmilli16449 North Marine Parks Network
\f0\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\fs32\fsmilli16449 \cf0 Management Plan 2018 
\f0\i0\fs32 by undertaking the following activities:
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 Deliver the marine science program for the Northern Australian Marine Parks including project
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 management and development of the 
\f2\i\fs32\fsmilli16449 North Australian Marine Parks Science Plan.
\f0\i0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 Support the delivery of the North Australian Marine Park Advisory Committee meetings
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 including synthesising, implementing, and reporting on committee feedback.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 Represent Parks Australia in internal and external stakeholder meetings and workshops.
\fs24 \

\f3\fs32 \cf6 \strokec6 \'c2\'bb 
\f0 \cf0 \strokec2 Coordinate the review of the 
\f2\i\fs32\fsmilli16449 North Foundation Implementation Plan 
\f0\i0\fs32 and the development of
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 the 
\f2\i\fs32\fsmilli16449 North Consolidation Implementation Plan.
\f0\i0\fs24 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Employer:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 Various environmental consultancies and research organisations
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Position:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 Environmental Scientist
\f0\b0\fs24 \

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Period:
\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15843 \cf5 \strokec5  \cf0 \strokec2 2011 to 2013
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 In my early career, I worked for consultancies and research organisations, ranging from those
\fs24 \

\fs32 that operate on the global scale (including developing and implementing a research project
\fs24 \

\fs32 on a remote island in Fiji) to smaller family-owned and operated consultancies.
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26\fsmilli13440 \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Selection of publicly available publications \
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15200\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl240 \clpadr240 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li546\fi-547\ri381\qj\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Cullen-Knox, C, Fleming, A, Ogier, E, Lester (2021), Perceiving environmental science,\'a0risk\'a0and industry regulation in the mediatised vicious cycles of the Tasmanian salmon aquaculture industry, Social Epistemology.
\f0\fs32 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li546\fi-547\ri381\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Cullen-Knox, C and Fudge, M, (2020), Research Review Report: Addressing the social dimensions and governance challenges of implementing integrated management, prepared for New South Wales Department of Primary Industries \'96 Fisheries
\f0\fs32 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li546\fi-547\ri381\qj\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 Cullen-Knox, C, Fleming, A, Ogier, E, Lester (2020), Tracing environmental sustainability discourses: An Australia-Asia seafood case study, Frontiers in Marine Science, 7:176. doi: 10.3389/fmars.2020.00176
\f0\fs32 \

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 Cullen-Knox, C, Fleming, A, Ogier, E, Lester (2019), Publicised scrutiny and mediatised environmental conflict: The case of Tasmanian salmon aquaculture, Marine Policy, 100: 307-315. doi:10.1016/j.marpol.2018.11.040
\f0\fs32 \

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 Cullen-Knox, C, Haward, M, Jabour, J, Ogier, E, Tracey, SR (2017), The social license to operate and its role in marine governance: Insights from Australia, Marine Policy, 79: 70-77. doi.org/10.1016/j.marpol.2017.02.013
\f0\fs32 \

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 Cullen-Knox, C, Eccleston R, Haward, M, Lester, E, Vince, J (2016), Contemporary challenges in environmental governance: Technology, governance and the social license, Environmental Policy and Governance, 27 (1): 3-13. doi.org/10.1002/eet.1743
\f0\fs32 \

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 Murunga, M et al. (2022), 'More than just information: what does the public want to know about climate change?', Ecology and Society, vol. 27, no. 2 , pp. 1-27 , doi: 10.5751/ES-13147-270214.
\f0\fs32 \

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 Kelly, R. et al.\'a0(2021),\'a0Connecting to the oceans: supporting ocean literacy and public engagement.\'a0Reviews in Fish Biology and Fisheries. 1-2. doi:10.1007/s11160-020-09625-9
\f0\fs32 \

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 Kelly, R. et al (2020), Let\'92s Talk about Climate Change: Developing Effective Conversations between Scientists and Communities., One Earth,\'a0 3 (4): 415-419. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://doi.org/10.1016/j.oneear.2020.09.009"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \ul \ulc7 doi.org/10.1016/j.oneear.2020.09.009}}
\f0\fs32 \

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\f0\fs32 \

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\f0\fs32 \

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\f0\fs32 \

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \'a0
\f0\fs32 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li546\fi-547\ri381\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ThinkBank: Tasmanian Leaders, 2019, Our Place in the Sun: Harvesting Tasmania\'92s Agritourism
\f0\fs32 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li546\fi-547\ri381\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.tasmanianleaders.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/Ideas-from-Thinkbank-2019-Our-Place-in-the-Sun.pdf"}}{\fldrslt 
\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf7 \ul \ulc7 https://www.tasmanianleaders.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/Ideas-from-Thinkbank-2019-Our-Place-in-the-Sun.pdf}}\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\ri381\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \'a0
\f0\fs32 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li546\fi-547\ri381\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 ThinkBank: Tasmanian Leaders, 2018,\'a0 
\f0\fs32 \'a0
\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 What stops us? Small Business: overcoming
\f0\fs32 \

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 obstacles and seizing opportunities
\f0\fs32 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li546\fi-547\ri381\partightenfactor0

\f4\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf7 \ul \ulc7 https://www.tasmanianleaders.org.au/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/Thinkbank-2018-Small-Business_FinalReport.pdf
\f0\fs32 \cf0 \ulnone \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\
}